[DOCS] 7.14.1 Release Notes (#987)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes.asciidoc

//[[release-notes-header-7.14]]
//== 7.14

[discrete]
[[release-notes-7.14.1]]
=== 7.14.1

[discrete]
[[features-7.14.1]]
==== Features

> The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` advanced setting allows you to specify one or more threat intelligence index from which {es-sec} will collect threat match data. It controls features that query threat indexes, such as the Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page, and uses the `filebeat-*` index by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` advanced setting allows you to specify one or more threat intelligence indices from which {elastic-sec} will collect threat match data. It controls features that query threat indices, such as the Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page, and uses the `filebeat-*` index by default.
```

> You can enable cross cluster search by adding threat indices from remote clusters. Filebeat indices are supported. Non-Filebeat indices require ECS-compliant threat field mappings to ensure threat matching works ({pull}108389[#108389]).

Reviewer 2: Same note here as in #993 ; the `Filebeat indices are supported.` sentence raises more questions than it answers, IMO.

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.14.1]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements
* Fixes the AlienVault OTX event count on the Threat Intelligence view ({pull}108448[#108448]).
* Fixes a configuration error in the `kibana.json` file ({pull}107637[#107637]).

> * Fixes UI errors that were caused by the rule `author` field not being migrated. ({pull}107230[#107230]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes UI errors that were caused by the rule `author` field not being migrated ({pull}107230[#107230]).
```
